---
layout: post
title: "Hash Code 2020, Blog for Book Scan, Launches Site"
date: 2020-03-05
---

##PROBLEM RECAP
(url: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QWxwZsV5dhgzQ6zvYVifxq9Y1pgYB5Cn/view?usp=sharing)

##SOLUTION and model
(url: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QWxwZsV5dhgzQ6zvYVifxq9Y1pgYB5Cn/view?usp=sharing)

##Code(python)
(url: https://github.com/LilyHeAsamiko/hash-code)

#Assumption:
1)	Books in every library are scanned continuously after once scanned(No need for repeat sign up)
2)	For simplicification, books are assumed to be scanned without repetition(Loosened from the origin: calculate scores without repetition.)
3)	Global maximization can be achieved through local maximization 

Model 1(Greedy only):
1.	read txt line by line and split into numeric quantities:  B, L, D from the first line, followed by S, N, T, M and ID
2.	precompute the score(with order Sid_sorted)  for every library and store in S_sorted 
and find the maximum of the summation: maxScore to chose the first library output later, the total of all the books.
3.	find the solution in the order as scan books for the library l of maxScore first 
4.	place those bookIDs in check list, recording its process days min((D-T[l])*M[l], N[l]) according to the description.
5.	compute the possible bookIDs for scan by making the complementary set of the check.
6.	Similarly as 4, compute the possible library ID list Libchoice  for choice in the next assignment.
7.	While Libchoice is not null and not all the bookID are in check:
a.	find the one holds the max score of the bookID whose score is over the average of all the bookScore , repeat 4-6
until only bookIDs with score less than total average left
b.	scan books with max score for every library left.
8.	Achieve the objective max score : max(Score) = sum(score[l])
# solution: 
assgin books for library according to MaxScore decreasingly(Check availability dynamically) 

Proof of global maximization with inducement
When L = 1:
1.	find the solution in the order as scan books for the library l of maxScore first 
2.	 place those bookIDs in check list, recording its process days min((D-T[l])*M[l], N[l]) according to the description.
3.	compute the possible bookIDs for scan by making the complementary set of the check.
4.	Similarly as 4, compute the possible library ID list Libchoice  for choice in the next assignment.
5.	While Libchoice is not null and not all the bookID are in check:
a.	find the one holds the max score of the bookID whose score is over the average of all the bookScore , repeat 4-6
until only bookIDs with score less than total average left
b.	scan books with max score for every library left.
6.	Achieve objective: max(Score) = Sum(score[l])
When L= 1: max(Score) = maxScore, as the step3. The objective is achieved.
Assume the objective holds through step 1-8 for l = 1,2,…L-1 ,
When l = L:  evaluate step 1-8,
Step 1, read in holds true since format is the same for l = L to l= 1,2,…L-1
Step 2, method sort of bookID according to score holds true for arbitrary int l, thus holds true for L.
For maxScore,  calculation of Comp = min((D-T[l])*M[l], N[l]) holds true same as l = 1,2,..L-1
       And thus, adding  S_sort[L][nb] to Sum, which is the sum of S_sort[l] for l= 1,2,….L-1 gurantees the maximum as the true property holds for all of them
       maxScore is valid.
As for step 3-7, if score[L] is over the average total score S of the L items, 
1’’ if score[L] = maxScore, assume the previous maxScore is Score[k], k belongs to 1,2…,L-1,  since the maxScore and S_sort is achieved going through all bookID meanwhile the process day D-T[l] is only dependent on l, independent to all the libraries,  previously scannable bookID holds scannable adding one new library L. Thus, Adding some BookID either from them or not from them to the current maxScore in library L will not change the final score but only the solution of ID from different rest libraries.
2’’ of score[L] < previous maxScore, it works as useless considering about score only. Its score can be replaced by other solutions using previous libraries only. Max(Score) = previous max(Score), still holds true.
Thus, the maximum of Score holds for the step 1-8.   

Model 2: Assignment 
Variables: bool \\[x\_{l\_{j},i}\\]
Coefficient: int \\[S\_{l\_{j},i}\\]
Constraint: \\[\sum_{i=0}^{B-1} S\_{l\_{j},i}x\_{l\_{j},i}} \in[min((D-T[l])M[l], N[l]]\\]
\\[\sum_{j=1}^L S\_{l\_{j},i}x\_{l\_{j},i} \in[0, 1]\\]
Objective:   \sum_{l_{j}}^L sum_{i=0}^{B-1} S\_{l\_{j},i}x\_{l\_{j},i}
where \\[i\in{0,2,...B-1}\\]
\\[j\in{1,2,..L}\\]


Trial of OR tools with MIP (Urgently look for communication from someone familiar with it) 



